## Program structure

When you start learning Java, you'll encounter code snippets like the one below:

```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
      // code goes here
    }
}
```

At first glance, this may seem overwhelming with unfamiliar terms. However, don't get bogged down by trying to undestand every keyword just yet. Think of it as a bit of "coding magic" that you'll gradually decipher. For now, you should know only that `public static void main(String[] args)` is where your program starts, and it's where you'll write your initial code.

## Simple output

The primary method for displaying the results of your code is through `System.out.println()`. It allows you to showcase output directly to the console. Within its parentheses, you can input whatever you wish to print, whether it's text, numbers, or variables. Alternatively, you can simply leave it empty to generate a blank line. As it was with the `main`, we can consider `System.out.println` a useful magic for now.

Let's see some examples to illustrate the versatility and usefulness of `System.out.println`. First, we will print a simple string:

```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("This is an MJC course!");
    }
}
```

To print a string, we have to enclose it into double quotes. If you run this code, you will see the string `This is an MJC course!` in console. 

Next, let's print some numbers. Your program can have as many outputs as you wish.:
```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println(42);
        System.out.println(3.1415);
        System.out.println(2.71828);
    }
}
```

As you see, we can use both whole numbers (integers) and floating-point numbers. If you run this code, you should see all three numbers, each on a new line.

Finally, let's see how to output an empty lines:
```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("This is line 1");
        System.out.println();
        System.out.println("This is line 3");
    }
}
```

When you run this program, you should see an empty line between 2 lines of text.

Now let's uncover some magic. `println` in `System.out.println` means "print, terminate line". If you want to print several things on the same line, you can use `System.out.print` (without `ln` in the end). But using this method, you can't print an empty line just yet.

Let's see an example:

```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.print("This ");
        System.out.print("is ");
        System.out.print("an ");
        System.out.print("MJC ");
        System.out.print("course!");
    }
}
```

Please note spaces after each word. When you run this code, you will see a single line `This is an MJC course!` in console.

In Java, you can output many more things, and we will return to it later in the course.
