## Comments

Comments in programming are like notes that help understand what the code is doing. They're important because they make the code easier to read and understand, especially for people who didn't write it. Imagine them as explanations written beside the code, telling you why something is done in a certain way. They're helpful when the code is tricky to follow or when someone else needs to work on it.

Java supports 2 types of comments - single line and multiline. To make a single line comment, write 2 forward slashes (`//`). Java will ignore everything to the right of them. Please note that the code to the left from slashes will be executed. Let's see it in action: 

```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // this is a single line comment
        System.out.println("This will be printed"); // this is another single line comment
    }
}
```

The code above has 2 comments. But the line "This will be printed" is displayed in the console, if you run the code.

> In IntellijIdea there is a hotkey to convert the current line into comment and back. Press ⌘ / on macOS or Ctrl + / on Windows and Linux.

Multiline comments have a bit more difficult syntax. To start the comment, put `/*` in your code. The comment will go until you close the comment using `*/`. Both these tags can be on the same line, or there can be thousands of lines of code between them, but the code will not compile if you forget to close your comment.

Let's now see several examples of multiline comments:

```
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        /*
        This is a common case of multiline comment.
        It takes a form of paragraph
        */

        /* This is an uncommon case, when a multiline comment has a single line */
    }
}
```
